hey guys what's up its tascela here i'm
gonna show you how to connect to a clan
on call of duty elite for your monitor
for three um well first off go to your
call of duty elite of course sign up if
you already haven't you should have
already have but sign in after you have
signed them come to the left of the
things go to connect and then after you
there you're going to want to go to
clams and make sure you could put any
any of like name you want it doesn't
have to be like a like a for a four
letter thing it could be like something
big maybe but i'm already have a a
client so let me make a new one oh but
once you make it you could already make
it already have minor here oh that's
almost level three but the how to rank
up the climb on here as of right now is
only having people in your clan that
have a call of duty founder so if you
had the little card or the you know the
the premium call of duty elite um the
premium call of duty elite the founder
with a little in person like to get you
the green emblem and everything like
that that will rank your clan up as of
right now this the only way to make your
caught up because they haven't um they
haven't unlocked the
the challenges for the for the clan yet
so you have to wait till that comes out
just to rank up your clan but if you do
get try to get a lot of people with a
founder to rank up your clan and get
different um you know backgrounds for
your client you can make your own your
own title and emblem and but you need to
rank them up just to do that you know if
you guys want to join mine on here just
send me a invite request or a message to
that you want to join the clan and I
will invite you oh yeah and the other
the other thing to invite people like
saya you want to invite your friend saw
my invite my friend so I go find him on
his name wherever and then right here
says invite decline just click it that's
all invite him to the clan and yeah
that's pretty much it uh have any
questions or anything just ask me get
back to as soon as possible well thanks
for watching and goodbye